Hello everyone I am elías 362
I bring this new video and this time live
2.0 we are in slums in the republic of
Panama and mourning teams
I am moro man the castaway as you will
seen then you will be checking now
same that I did not shave I have not
cut the hair but calm because
As you already know, I'm preparing videos
for the whole month of July so when
you are seeing this I will be already
shaved with cut hair and all that
I just wanted to record this to mediate 6
well in my shipwrecked way so good
this you are seeing on day 12 I think that
is scheduled to go up on the 12th the
Friday and I will be on Wednesday like this
that you can check yourselves
what
very well
come on, that's what I'm doing with my hair
cut and others
I guess I'll be retweeting the photos
immediate with you so good
it was just for doing the grace was for
uploading a video one of the 2.0 is that
I have planned with long hair
because not always with short hair
because today to change a few days I have
burst with the remington and well then
here we are, it's been a while since I've played
the truth quite that I do not play is not a
game that they play very why was that
It is not a game to play much to
fuck you doing there that does what you do in
the corner as I was saying is not a
game that plays a lot if it's not for
record but nonetheless been riding
and editing videos these days so neither
that's the truth
confirmed out there wants to go out
there not
nothing happens
of peace
vale vale vale vale slowly
watch out
there is one there in the distance god if it kills me
well nothing now I'm going to kill him
because look where he has appeared handsome
thanks to answer this game
I could kill you I will upload more gameplays
good life 2.0 better said because good
Well, if I want to do it in other games
as in every 24 for example or call of
duty black ops' first the first
delivery of this
the predecessor teacher does not know right now
I'm not very
I'm not very lucid what I want is
get me a decent game
and good for my mother has turned to
put in the corner what you have seen or
I've seen it while putting
let's see if we throw a grenade and
we can do something not
watch out
let's make it bounce here we take the
shotgun and we burst god as plan
failed because then because the colleague
had an electric charge of those that
they give a lot is that you give me
they love
if I do not know how to express some love
that I have some things from each one and
another there is worth
we'll see
peace
good, slow hunter
and with good lyrics
let's go let's go let's go let's go to
come here are going to come here not
no no
uf uf uf uf
uff is here my mother from whom I
save from the one that saves me the kid
buf
we go
It's better I wanted to go and do it like that
what I wanted to do exactly I do not know how
call it the truth but good has come out
wrong anyway
Is the reason
this
it's history let's go let's see
sure it's worth
OK
good good
and good good 19 7 is not bad for
me the truth is good enough
so I'll settle for the radio in this
kind of results what I do not like is
that there is then because there are
You have seen yours with you
own eyes right now that no longer
so cool but good nothing happens
while the example and have fun
Well, I'm welcome, be it
to see what you do what you do please is
that those two go together the mojama mojama
vico I do not know how the fuck is called
and it gets in everyone in a corner you
that is, you have to get bored enough to
do that
let's make it bounce there
he is no longer husband
what does he know that is a sentence
can not be a mobile nun, my mother
wet moja as ham or big moja mobile
good wafer and this spray can not be
it can not be that it is not
my mother the spray came to me from
take by ass or I do not know if you know if
you remember forgiveness of the uncle that is
with the search of targets but but what
Uncle cojones is what the fuck
it's already been put behind the car
of police takes for you fuck
you have to get nervous nervous
to win yes or yes and that 's better than
anything
very well you see in the distance because that is going to
die too
no but from where it's like you were
from 25 to 12 and this is going to end here
because the pitbull ne good name has been
made a double low and good then there
is 25 to 12 2.08 of that rate of
ratio and good then there is the double
low pitbull ne to finish I hope
that you liked this video tell me
in the comments if you want more life
2.0 and good like and favorites for monkey
man the castaway and with nothing more to say
elias 360 is dismissed until next time
for me
that 's all